troubleshooting: fix issue with missing spldev key (#349)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.rst

.. note::
    Make sure to replace ``<time-sec>`` with the expected poll interval in seconds.

OTA update failed because of missing spl keys
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When updating the factory to ``honister`` base lmp-manifest, some factories may face
issues with OTA upgrade from v85 to the next release. It manifests as failed boot attempt
and error in u-boot log:

.. code-block::

    U-Boot SPL 2021.04+fio+g38c3083e39 (Feb 16 2022 - 14:50:02 +0000)
    power_pca9450b_init
    DDRINFO: start DRAM init
    DDRINFO: DRAM rate 3000MTS
    DDRINFO:ddrphy calibration done
    DDRINFO: ddrmix config done
    Normal Boot
    Trying to boot from MMC2
    SPL: Booting secondary boot path: using 0x1300 offset for next boot image
    ## Checking hash(es) for config config-1 ... fit_config_verify_required_sigs: No signature node found: FDT_ERR_NOTFOUND
    SPL_FIT_SIGNATURE_STRICT needs a valid config node in FIT
    ### ERROR ### Please RESET the board ###

This suggests that SPL key is missing from the factory. It's defined in the OE recipe

> and it defaults to ``spldev``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and it defaults to ``spldev``.
```

.. prompt::

    UBOOT_SPL_SIGN_KEYNAME="spldev"

> It can be confirmed by checking whether files ``spldev.key`` and ``spldev.crt``
> are missing from ``lmp-manifest/factory-keys`` directory. If this is the case, the easiest fix

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be confirmed by checking whether files ``spldev.key`` and ``spldev.crt``
are missing from the ``lmp-manifest/factory-keys`` directory. If so, the easiest fix
```

> is to generate the keys and add them to the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to generate the keys and add them to the repository.
```

.. prompt::

    cd factory-keys
    openssl genpkey -algorithm RSA -out spldev.key \
          -pkeyopt rsa_keygen_bits:2048 \
          -pkeyopt rsa_keygen_pubexp:65537
    openssl req -batch -new -x509 -key spldev.key -out spldev.crt

> Once the ``spldev.key`` and ``spldev.crt`` are created they should be added to the repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once ``spldev.key`` and ``spldev.crt`` are created, add them to the repository.
```

.. prompt::

    git add factory-keys/spldev.key
    git add factory-keys/spldev.crt
    git commit

> Once the commit is pushed upstream, Foundries CI will generate a build that fixes the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the commit is pushed upstream, the Foundries.io CI will generate a build that fixes the issue.
```

.. note::
    Make sure to replace ``<time-sec>`` with the expected poll interval in seconds.

OTA Update Fails Because of Missing SPL Keys
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When updating to the ``honister`` base lmp-manifest, some FoundriesFactories

Author: I'm OK with that. @kprosise any objections?

> When updating to the ``honister`` base lmp-manifest, some FoundriesFactories

Reviewer 2: No objections.
